lesson11 Not Guilty
Customs officers are quite tolerant these days, but they can still stop you when you are going through the green channels and having nothing to declare. Even really honest people is made feel guilty. The professional hardened smugglers, on the other hand, are not troubled by such feeling, even if there are 500 golden watches hidden in their suitcases. When I returned from abroad recently, a specially officious young custom officer apparently regarded me as a smuggler. "Have you have anything to declare?", the officer asked, looked me in the eye. "No", I answered confidently. "Would you mind unlocking the suitcase please?", he said. "Not at all", I answered. The officer went through the suitcase with great care. All the things I packed carefully was soon in a dreadful mess. I was sure about I would never be able to close the suitcase again. Suddenly, the officer's face lighted up. He had spotted a tiny bottle on the bottom of the suitcase and pounced on it with delight. "Perfume, eh?", he said sarcastically, "You should have declared it. Perfume is not exempt from the duty-free goods." "But it's not perfume", I said, "It's a strange mixture hair gel I made it for myself". As I expected, he didn't believe me. "Try it", I said encouragingly. He unscrewed the cap and put the bottle to his nostrils. He was greeted by an unpleasant smell which convinced him that I was telling the truth. A few minutes later, I was able to hurry away with the precious chalk marks on my luggage.